Andrew Suri 
Ms. Gerstein
Applications of Programming
13 June 2013
Self- Assessment

    In the creation of our beloved “Bubble Kraze” my assigned role on the team was QA bug tester. In the case for our code, there were very few bugs other than minor typos or forgetting a variable. So o my team I switched between all the roles. I would help Alex code the game, and then I would write the flowchart. If people were getting off track I would “guide” them in the right direction like the project manager. Most importantly is till helped Alex with the codes. I would play the game until I found a code and we sat and talked about it. My contribution in moving this project along was doing a good amount of the flowchart and creating the codes for the 10 levels. I also was able to help communicate the code to the Pulkita and Yelena who were working on the flowchart as well. 

	I wrote the 10 level codes as well as helped with the coding for the shooting function. To do the ten levels, I had to make a case for the array of balls. As the selected button of the level was pressed a variable would change to that number and that case would be displayed. Inside the case was a code for the arrangement of the array of balls by using if and else if statements as well as equations to form the patterns. Here is how making a level would happen: 1. We would change a variable titled total levels and increase it by 1 therefore increasing the total number of level cases made 2. Create the next array and give it a limit of balls 3. Then I would create the case for that level and begin making the code 4. To make the code I would have to create an equation for the x of each ball by referring to the number of the ball in the array (represented by j) 5. Do the same thing for the y position 6. Continue to alter the equations until the desired pattern is seen. It was a tedious task but a fun one in that it felt amazing to see it all work out and a beautiful level lying there as a product of my work.
	
	In my mind I feel like the project is very unique. We based it of the game Bubblemania but we were able to add a lot of extra details that changed it and made it our own. I am very proud of our in depth flowchart as well. Another part that went well for our project was the communication. Although Alex was on the other side of the room, we were still able to communicate to each other what was needed and what was done. It was a proud moment for the team members knowing that we were all able to work well together.
	
	In my opinion the one thing that could have been better was the distribution of work. It wasn’t until I asked to code that Alex gave me the opportunity. I am not saying that it is his fault but if he would’ve asked for our help we all would have been happy to lend a hand in the coding process. Instead of my levels and the shooting function I worked on the flowchart and continued to test the game.
	

